feat(WEBRTC-176): Add a quickstart on README (#41)
team-telnyx/telnyx-client-examples: call-center/README.md

# Call Center App

> This is an example of a call center app. You can use to manage, make and receive calls, create call conferences and control the agents.

Reviewer: Suggested wording tweak:
```suggestion
This is an example of a call center app that uses the Telnyx Client and Call Control SDKs. You can make and receive phone calls in the browser, create call conferences, and manage call center agents.
```

## Quick start

> In this guide, you’ll learn how to get started with Call Center App using Call Control and Telnyx Portal. Just follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, you’ll learn how to get started with the Call Center App by using Telnyx SDKs and the Telnyx Portal. Just follow these steps:
```

> 1. Sign up for a Telnyx Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign up for a Telnyx Account
```

2. Buy a phone number
3. Install Ngrok
4. Create a Call Control App
5. Update your phone number

> 6. Create a SIP connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Create a SIP Connection
```

7. Create an Outbound Voice Profile
8. Write some code
9. Run the code

---
## Step 1: Sign Up for a Telnyx Mission Control Portal Account

Head to [telnyx.com/sign-up](https://telnyx.com/sign-up) to sign up for your free Telnyx account.\
It’ll give you access to our Mission Control Portal where you can buy phone numbers, set up and manage Call Control Applications, and more.

---
## Step 2: Buy a phone number  

Access Telnyx Mission Control and [buy a phone number](https://portal.telnyx.com/#/app/numbers/search-numbers).\
This is your Call Center phone number that end users will call to reach your application.

> ![buy a phone number](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/team-telnyx/telnyx-client-examples/WEBRTC-176/call-center/screenshots/buy_phone_number.png)

Author: Before the merge, we need to change all places that are using in the URL images from `WEBRTC-176/` to `main`

Reviewer: You can use relative paths here: `screenshots/buy_phone_number.png`

---
## Step 3: Install Ngrok

Download and install [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/).\
Start up ngrok with `ngrok http 8000` and make note of the https `Forwarding` URL.\

> You will need it to be able to receive websocket request from Call Control App 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need it to be able to receive websocket requests from the Call Control App 
```

[Create a SIP connection](https://portal.telnyx.com/#/app/connections), setting the "SIP Connection Type" to `Credentials`.

![Create a SIP connection](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/team-telnyx/telnyx-client-examples/WEBRTC-176/call-center/screenshots/create_sip_conn.png)

Enable "Receive SIP URI Calls" in the "Inbound" tab.
Make note of your SIP Connection ID.

![Enable Receive SIP URI Calls](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/team-telnyx/telnyx-client-examples/WEBRTC-176/call-center/screenshots/enable_sip_receive_call.png)
---
## Step 7: Create an Outbound Voice Profile

[Create an Outbound Voice Profile](https://portal.telnyx.com/#/app/outbound-profiles/new), associating it with your Call Control App and your SIP connection.
Make note of the Outbound Voice Profile ID.

![Create an Outbound Voice Profile](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/team-telnyx/telnyx-client-examples/WEBRTC-176/call-center/screenshots/create_ovp_and_associations.png)
---
## Step 8: Write some code

1. (call-center) Run the command `npm run setup` to generate your `.env` file.
2. (server) Update your `.env` file with information noted from previous steps.

---
## Step 9: Run the code

> 1. Navigate into the `call-center` folder
> 1. Run `npm install`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `npm install` from the `call-center` folder
```

2. Run `npm start`\
This will install and start both the server and web apps.\
This will start an Express app on port specified as the `TELNYX_SERVER_APP_PORT` environment variable (defaults to `8000`).

> 3. Open the ngrok Web Interface (ex: <http://127.0.0.1:4040/inspect/http>). You should see `/login` request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Log in as a call center agent in the browser. Open the ngrok Web Interface (ex: <http://127.0.0.1:4040/inspect/http>) in a separate tab. You should see `/login` request.
```

> 4. Call your Call Center phone number from your personal device or a web dialer. You should see requests to `POST /calls/callbacks/call-control-app` come through. (Note: Events may not show up in the expected order, e.g. `initiated` may be logged after `call`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Call your Call Center phone number from your personal device or a web dialer. You should see requests to `POST /calls/callbacks/call-control-app` come through.
```
